Project 3: eCommerce on blockchain
Team #5 Members : Rawlric Sumner, Umme Arusha, Andrew Vignali, Priya Roy, Fazle Hameem, Minyeong Han


Overview
We are building an eCommerce on blockchain using a smart contract in solidity using the 1155 ERC standards to buy and sell both fungible and non-fungible items.

We will pick two item examples such as book and painting, 

We will publish our work into Github Page at last.


Questions to Answer
What is a Blockchain marketplace?
It is an online shopping marketplace that is run from a blockchain rather than a single central authority. Data is held on a set of decentralized computers or nodes and is stored in blocks that are linked in sequence to form a chain.
Advantages/value of using a blockchain marketplace
Blockchain marketplace is more valuable for certain type of products: globally accessible products, something global and difficult to transfer/move -> marketplace on blockchain is easier to transfer as physical movement is not needed. 
Commodities such as gold, silver, rare gems : security risk -> we don’t want to move around, keep it safe -> blockchain is useful!

<Minimum contracts WE NEED>
Fungible item contract 
Non-fungible item contract (tokenize the item)
Marketplace contract (selling, loss event, refund)
Logistic contract (for shipping)

For Intellectual Properties:
Patents.
Trademarks.
Trade Secrets.
Copyright

1.Tokenzing contract
2.Auction contract
3.Marketplace contract



Proposed Tasks
Solidity smart contract - all of us

Deck outline - Priya


Technology we are using:
 Wallet Standards 
 Solidity 
 Ganache

Network:
Ropsten testnet

Tokens: 
Intellectual property (trademarks -> logos)

Contracts
Tokenization Contract - see monalisa example - Umme, M H, Andrew
Events: PatentYear, Industry, appraisal value,
Market Contract
Auction Contract
Fazlee - overall business 


Plan

One tokenization contract that tokenizes all of the items in our marketplace - ArtRegistry, unique token id regardless of patent/trademark etc.
	Variable number 1 - Unique_id1 - Nile trademark image
Variable number 2 - shares float (number of shares is variable)
	
	Use Pinata to get token_uri

Make function that creates tokens for unique ids

One contract for Auction/Marketplace - MartianAuction (22-3-1)
